gh-140241: Fix documentation for the registry parameter of warnings.warn_explicit() (#140242)
python/cpython: Doc/library/warnings.rst

.. function:: warn_explicit(message, category, filename, lineno, module=None, registry=None, module_globals=None, source=None)

   This is a low-level interface to the functionality of :func:`warn`, passing in
   explicitly the message, category, filename and line number, and optionally
   other arguments.
   *message* must be a string and *category* a subclass of :exc:`Warning` or
   *message* may be a :exc:`Warning` instance, in which case *category* will be
   ignored.

   *module*, if supplied, should be the module name.
   If no module is passed, the filename with ``.py`` stripped is used.

   *registry*, if supplied, should be the ``__warningregistry__`` dictionary
   of the module.

>    If no registry is passed, each warning is treated as the first occurrence.

Author: Alternatively, we could say that filter actions "default", "module" and "once" are handled as "always".

Reviewer: Can we do both?
```suggestion
   If no registry is passed, each warning is treated as the first occurrence,
   that is, filter actions ``"default"``, ``"module"`` and ``"once"`` are
   handled as ``"always"``.
```

.. function:: warn_explicit(message, category, filename, lineno, module=None, registry=None, module_globals=None, source=None)

   This is a low-level interface to the functionality of :func:`warn`, passing in

>    explicitly the message, category, filename and line number, and optionally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   explicitly the *message*, *category*, *filename*, *lineno*, and optionally
```
The double "and" is a little awkward IMO, also, why not mark them up as arguments?

Author: I am not sure about this. It would just repeat the signature. `lineno` refers to the parameter, but "line number" is what you pass as an argument. We could write also "file name", but "filename" is also common.
